To Prove To Dad I’m Not A Fool
Published on August 22, 2006.
Yep, it’s time to go back to school!
I actually finished signing up for classes like, an hour ago.
This semester I’m doin’ 14 hours!
The classes are: Marching Band, Jazz Band, Software Engineering, Beginning Chinese, International Politics, and an online version of Technical Writing (because I’m lazy).
I need to take a full time load, even though I only need Software Engineering to graduate.
Why? For like, health insurance.
Chinese should be cool, because then people won’t ask my why I’m Chinese, yet don’t know the language.
International Politics just sounds kind of interesting to me.
Plus it’s at 11AM, which is not too early.
Technical Writing should be okay, since it’s online, and I need to get better at that kind of writing anyway.
I’m also TAing a CS class.
It’s just an applications class for Business majors, so it probably won’t be too hard.
Mostly stuff in Word and Excel I think.
Hopefully I’ll pass Software Engineering, and graduate in December!
Then it’s off to (Job/Grad School/Slacking Off)!